Introduce `#[wasm_bindgen(main)]` (#3299)
rustwasm/wasm-bindgen: guide/src/reference/attributes/on-rust-exports/main.md

# `main`

When attached to the `main` function this attribute will adjust it to properly
throw errors if they can be.

```rust
#[wasm_bindgen(main)]
fn main() -> Result<(), JsValue> {
    Err(JsValue::from("this error message will be thrown"))
}
```

The attribute also allows using `async fn main()` in Cargo binaries.

```rust
#[wasm_bindgen(main)]
async fn main() {
    // ...
    future.await;
}
```

> This attribute is intended to be used on the `main` function of binaries or
> examples only. Unlike `#[wasm_bindgen(start)]`, it will not cause a function to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This attribute is only intended to be used on the `main` function of binaries or
examples. Unlike `#[wasm_bindgen(start)]`, it will not cause an arbitrary function to
```

The new wording is good, just a little tweak 👍

Author: Done.

be executed on start in a library.

The return type support is modeled after [`Termination`]. `()` and `Infallible`
are supported, but [`Termination`] itself is not. In order, wasm-bindgen will
first detect a `Result<(), impl Into<JsValue>>` and will throw proper
`JsValue`s, `Result<(), impl Debug>` will convert an error to a string and throw
that.

> [`termination`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/process/trait.Termination.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Termination`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/process/trait.Termination.html
```

I'm not actually sure how strict Markdown is with casing, it might have worked anyway.

Author: Yeah, my formatter did that, apparently links are case-insensitive in Markdown (didn't check the spec).
Fixed anyway!

# `main`

When attached to the `fn main()` function this attribute will adjust it to
properly throw errors if they can be. This is only intended to be used for
binaries.

```rust
#[wasm_bindgen(main)]
fn main() -> Result<(), JsValue> {
    Err(JsValue::from("this error message will be thrown"))
}
```

The attribute also allows using `async fn main()` in Cargo binaries.

```rust
#[wasm_bindgen(main)]
async fn main() {
    // ...
    future.await;
}
```

Unlike `#[wasm_bindgen(start)]` this will not export a function to be executed
on startup, it should only be used in Cargo binaries or examples for the `main`

> function. `#[wasm_bindgen(start)]` will prevent the `main` function to start and

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what this line is trying to say? I believe that combining them will actually cause the CLI to throw an error.

Author: What I'm trying to say is that using `#[wasm_bindgen(main)]` doesn't actually call that function when using the `init()` function. It only works as expected on `fn main` in a binary or example.

I will try to improve this, English isn't my first language, please feel free to suggest better wording.
